Add docs for MKE and eBPF (#1556)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/operations/ebpf/install.mdx

18.04 image did not have a recent-enough kernel (but that may have changed by the time you read this).

</TabItem>
<TabItem label="MKE" value="MKE-5">

> `MKE` supports a number of base OSes; as long as the base OS chosen (such as Ubuntu 20.04 or RHEL 8.2) meets the kernel

Reviewer: Not sure we should highlight 20.04, does MKE support a newer version that we could recommend?

Reviewer 2: IF the only condition is that an operating system meet a certain kernel version threshold, then that's really all we ought to be saying (that's true for all the platforms in this section).

For example: The eBPF data plane is supported on MKE with any Linux operating system that meets the minimum kernel requirements.

requirements, `MKE`-provisioned clusters are supported.

> Since `kube-proxy` is not required in eBPF mode, you may wish to disable `kube-proxy` at install time. With `MKE` you

Reviewer: I think we should be more forceful: running kube-proxy and BPF mode is strongly discouraged.  It causes a lot of issues.

Reviewer 2: You must disable `kube-proxy` during installation.

"Must" is the word we're looking for if we don't want anyone to run the two together. If you want to leave open the possibility that someone keep it, you can go with language like strongly encourage/discourage, but you should really explain why or why not.

> More details can be found in [MKE Cluster Networking options](https://docs.mirantis.com/mke/3.7/install/predeployment/configure-networking/cluster-service-networking-options.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
More details can be found in [the MKE documentation](https://docs.mirantis.com/mke/current/install/predeployment/configure-networking/cluster-service-networking-options.html)
```

> More details can be found at https://docs.mirantis.com/mke/3.7/install/predeployment/configure-networking/cluster-service-networking-options.html

Reviewer 2: See link modification above.
